So, now we want to start migrating some
of our code over here to our actual React Application.
So, we're going to use what is called the real-style folder structure for this.
So, we'll have a components folder that has all of our components in it.
And then we'll also have a Actions folder as well as a Reducers folder.
So, first to go ahead and move over all of our actions.
So, the first thing I want to do is create
a brand new folder inside our source called Actions.
And now, we're going to have three different files inside of this,
a todos.js file for all of our Todos Actions,
a goals.js file for all of our Goals Actions,
and then a share.js file for all of our actions that
are shared across a few different reducers.
So first, let's go and let's start with our,
let's see what we have here, let's start with our Todos Reducer.
So, the first thing we want to do is bring over all of our constants.
Add Todo, Remove Todo as well as Toggle Todo.
So, these are going to be created inside of
our Actions folder but what we also want to do is we want to Export them,
so that we can then Import them inside of our Reducers folder.
So that we can lessen for these specific Action types.
So, now what we want to do is,
let's go ahead and move over our Action Creators.
So, we have our Add Todo action as well as Remove Todo action and Toggle Todo action.
So, we'll first bring those over and
typically what you do is you don't need to append action onto here,
I was just doing that to avoid collisions in our single file.
So, we can just have Add Todo, Remove Todo as well as Toggle Todo.
Then we need a Asynchronous Action Creators which will be
Handle Todo and Add Todo as well as Handle Delete Todo and Handle Toggle.
So, let's copy these over here and we'll fix the indention.
And then now, what we've done is,
instead of Add Todo action it's just Add Todo.
Same thing with Remove Todo action.
So, we can update all of these and then this is just Toggle Todo,
so we should have no more action there we go.
Alright, so now what we want to do is we want to Export
the three Action Creators that we are
going to be using in our other files, in our other modules.
That's going to be our Handle Add Todo Action Creator.
As well as Handle Delete Todo and also Handle Toggle because these are
our Action Creators which are really encapsulating all of
the other Non-Asynchronous Action Creators up here.
So, the only other thing we need to do is you'll notice
that inside of our Async Action Creators,
we're using our API.
So, we can Import that from Goals Todos API which we installed in the last video.
So, now AddTodo.js file looks pretty good.
Let's go ahead and do the exact same thing for our Goals.
So, we want to do Add Goal and Remove Goal
grab both of those and again we want to Export both of these.
Then we want to grab all of our Action Creators.
So, Add Goal action as well as
our Removal Goal action and we don't need to Export these because we're not
using them in any other files but we do want
to Export our two Asynchronous Action Creators.
Which are going to be these two right here,
handledDeleteGoal as well as handleAddGoal and then we need to adjust
these instead of being Add Goal Action we
have just Add Goal and then this is just going to be Remove Goal.
We're just removing the word action from the end of the text unnecessary.
Then we need to export both of these functions
because we're going to import them inside of our components.
And then finally, we need to import our API which is coming from Goals Todos API and
then the last code that we want to bring over is going to go in this shared code and
what we have is our Received Data Constant,
our Receive Data Action Creator here,
we can remove the word action from that.
And then finally, our
handleInitialData Action Creator which is what we are going to be exporting.
And then we can adjust this to just be Received
Data and then finally as we've done before a few different times,
now we want to import our API.
So, now what we've done is, we've taken all of the actions out of our index.html
file over here and we've put them into
their own actions folder inside of our React application.